Added Hardware Requirements documentation (#1812)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/30-administration/00-setup.md

To find out more about the differences between the two releases, please read the [FAQ](/faq).

## Hardware Requirements

Below are resources requirements for Woodpecker components itself:

| Component | Memory | CPU |
| --------- | ------ | --- |
| Server    | 32 MB  | 1   |
| Agent     | 32 MB  | 1   |

> Note, that it doesn't include OS, DBMS or workload (pipelines execution) resources consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, that those values do not include the operating system or workload (pipelines execution) resources consumption.

In addition you need at least some kind of database which requires additional resources depending on the selected database system.
```
